Now installed and initialized ductile.
Now we're going to use ductile with a series of different commands to load up some contacts to connect
to that new cluster that we just created.
The first thing we have to do is install some context onto our local machine about that new cluster.
So this is the command we're going to run right here, dactyl Kubernetes cluster, kube config save
and then the name of your cluster.
To get the name of your cluster, you can go back over to the Kubernetes dashboard, click on Kubernetes
on the left hand side, and it's going to be whatever is listed right there.
So in my case, it'll be simply ticketing.
So I'm going to run that command right there.
Back at my terminal.
And I'm going to replace that cluster name with ticketing.
Once I run that command, I'll be told that some credentials have been added to my cube config file,
which is where all of our different contexts get saved.
And then it automatically sets my context to my cluster.
So if I now issue any commands against Cube CTL, they will be ran against the cluster that is running
on digital ocean.
For example, I can do acute CTL, get pods.
I don't see that absolutely nothing is running.
Even if I am running some pods right now on my local machine or on my local Kubernetes cluster.
I could also a little bit more proof here would be get nodes and that will list out all the different
nodes that are connected.
So I've got three nodes right now that are connected to my digital ocean cluster and naturally on my
local machine, I only have one at most.
Now, of course, at some point in time, we will want to swap back to our local machine context or
perhaps if you're running everything on Google Cloud, as I showed you earlier on inside the course,
you might be or want to swap back over to that context.
So to do so you can list out all the different contexts you have access to with Kube CTL config view.
So we'll do that right now.
And that's going to list out a lot of connection information.
What we are really looking for here is a section called context.
So here it is right here, context.
And then there are a couple of options and each of them have a name.
That name is what we care about.
So to connect to my digital ocean cluster, that is the name or the context that I want to use.
If I want to swap back to using my local Kubernetes cluster that I'm running on my machine, I can either
use a cluster or a context name of Docker desktop or Docker for desktop.
Either one is fine.
So if I want to swap back to my local cluster, I'll do a CTL config use context and then the name the
CTL.
Was it config?
Use context and then the name of Docker desktop.
If I now do a I'll get nodes, I'll see just one node, my Docker desktop node.
As a quick reminder, if you are using Docker desktop as opposed to using Docker Toolbox or something
like that, you can always go to that tray icon and select your context from right here as well.
A little bit easier.
I just want to show you the kind of behind the scenes way of doing this stuff.
So I can swap back over to my digital ocean.
Do another get pods.
Once again, no pods because I'm not running anything on there just yet.
Okay.
So again, we are not going to deploy anything directly to our cluster by connecting to it and then
applying anything, we're always going to rely upon our GitHub workflow.
The only reason I'm showing you how to connect directly to the cluster is that you can do some debugging,
try to pull logs, stuff like that.
So now that we understand how to connect to that cluster manually, we're going to repeat a pretty similar
process by creating a new GitHub workflow, where we're going to connect to that cluster that we just
created by using Dactyl.
We're then going to make sure that after we merge a pull request, we then attempt to apply all of our
different config files for Kubernetes, all that kind of stuff.
So a quick pause and let's get started on that process in just a moment.